0.  BMP supports up to 16,777,216 colors (24-bit color), 
    GIF supports 256 colors, JPEG supports 16,777,216 colors 
    (24-bit color), PNG supports 16,777,216 colors (24-bit color).
1.  GIF is a file format that supports animation.
2.  Lossless compression recreates a compressed file as an identical 
    match to its original form. It uses a technique to break a file 
    into smaller segments that get reassembled later. It is used for
    files that need to be reproduced exactly like the original. 
    Lossy compression eliminates repeated or "unnecessary" pieces of 
    data, and when the file is decompressed, the software's
    reinterpretation of the original file is what is shown. This 
    compression cannot be used to compress anything that needs to be
    reproduced exactly.  
3.  JPEG is a file format that is lossy-compressed.
4.  When a file is deleted from the FAT file system, two things occur. 
    Initially, the system changes the filname's first character in the 
    file's directory entry to signal that the file has been deleted 
    and the directory entry can be recycled. Furthermore, the system 
    moves all of the file's FAT clusters to the hard drive's list of 
    free clusters, but the actual file data is never touched. 
5.  In order to ensure that files deleted cannot be recovered is to 
    physically destroy the drive, making it unusable. Furthermore, 
    degaussing the drive can randomize the magnietic domains and making
    the drive unusable. Furthermore, the drive's data can also be 
    overwritten so that the data cannot be recovered. 
6.  The <stdint.h> header declares sets of integer types having 
    specified widths.
7.  The point of using uint8_t, uint32_t, int32_t and uint16_t 
    in a program is to standardize the length of something that it is 
    put next to, namely the number of bits per pixel in our case.
8.  A BYTE is 8 bits or 1 byte, a DWORD is 32 bits or 4 bytes, a LONG 
    is 32 bits or 4 bytes, and a WORD is 16 bits or 2 bytes
9.  The first two bytes of any BMP file is 0x4D42 in 
    hexadecimal.
10. The difference between bfSize and biSize is that bfSize is inside 
    the struct of BITMAPFILEHEADER while biSize is in the struct of 
    BITMAPINFOHEADER. Both are DWORD, size of 4 bytes. bfSize says the
    size of the file, while biSize is the size of the struct its in.
11. If biHeight is negative, the bitmap is a top-down device-independent
    bitmap (DIB) with the origin at the upper left corner. 
12. biBitCount is a field in BITMAPINFOHEADER that specifies the BMP's 
    color depth (bits per pixel). 
13. fopen might return NULL if there is no space in memory to open the
    output file, or if any other opening error occurs.
14. The third argument to fread is always 1 because you want to only read 
    1 element of data of the size we specify. 
15. copy.c:70 assigns the value 3 to padding if bi.biWidth is 3. 
16. fseek sets the file position data to a specific location in a file. 
17. SEEK_CUR defines the current position in file. It specifies that 
    offset is a count of characters from the current file position and 
    this count can be positive or negative. 
18. Milo Banana dun it. 
