0.  According to www.thefreedictionary.com, pneumonoultramicroscopicsilicovolcanoconiosis 
    is a disease caused by the prolonged inhalation of fine siliceous dust.
1.  According to manpages, getrusage returns information about the resources used in the 
    current process. 
2.  According to manpages, struct usage has 16 members.
3.  We know the actual values for before and after and we want to pass the before and after
    by reference to access the actual values. 
4.  The for-loop contains many if-else structures. The for-loop first checks each character 
    at a time inside the given text and will do that until it reaches an end of file. For 
    each character, it will check if it is alphabetical or an apostrophe. If it is, it will 
    add the character into the array of words and will increase the index number by 1 (the 
    number of characters inside the word). After doing this, it will check if the index 
    number is greater than the maximum length specified for a word in a dictionary (which is
    45 characters) and if it is, it will go through the characters without adding it into the
    word array until it either reaches the end of file or a space character. It will then 
    reset the index to 0 to discard that word and prepare for a new word. However, if the 
    character is not alphabetical but rather a digit, it will go through the rest of the 
    characters without adding it into the word array until it either reaches the end of file 
    or a space character. It will then reset the index to 0 to discard that word and prepare 
    for a new word. If the character is not alphabetical or a digit, it will be a space bar
    and as long as the word is greater than 0, it will terminate the word by adding a NULL 
    character at the end of the string and then will update the word counter which counts
    how many words have been recorded. Then it will put the word into the check function 
    which will return a boolean and will indicate if it is a mispelled or a correct word. It
    will then check the time before and after check and then it will print all the mispelled
    words and increment mispelled words by one every time there is a mispelled word found. 
    Then it will reset the index to 0 to prepare for a new word. Then the for-loop will be 
    checked again and go to the same process as described above. 
    word.  while the character is     
5.  Using fgetc will allow to check and deal with digits inside words, which the program does 
    not want to deal with. Using fscanf will only read whole words and will not be able to 
    check each individual character inside the word. 
6.  The parameters for check and load were declared as const so that the words that were 
    passed in from speller cannot be changed. We can't change the words that were pulled in 
    from the text and put into check and load. 
7.  I used a trie in order to implement my spell checker. In each children node, there is a 
    boolean is_word value where it will be true or false if a word is found by that children 
    node. Furthermore, the children node also contains 27 other arrays that store the 
    addresses or the letters that are present and will contain NULL if the letters are not
    present. 
8.  My code was 0.02 seconds slower because my unload was working incorrectly and was not 
    implemented in an ideal way. 
9.  I improved the unload so that it only has one for-loop and thus worked a little faster.
10. There is probably a simpler way to implement load so that my total time will be a lot 
    faster, but I was not able to find a way to make it implement perfectly. 
